So as things are right now, all is working fine, and we're very happy, made a lot of progress.
But let's go ahead and refactor a few things here because in main screen, you see we have a lot of
different composable that probably there will be OK, of course, with all of them pertain to this composable
main screen, but we can refactor some of them.
In fact, probably all of them.
Remove them from here to somewhere else.
OK, so what I'm going to do?
Let me get all of that from whether and in fact, let's see.
Right from weather row all the way down again, we could have left all of them here, that's totally
fine, but let's just get rid of them.
Add them somewhere else.
So I'm going to cut all of that and we're going to go to.
Widgets.
Create a new codling class is to file call this.
Widgets and pace it all in there.
OK, so back to Main.
Now, all I have to do is.
Import.
OK.
Port.
All right.
All right, let's make sure everything is correct.
You can just fold a few of these.
For that, that's good.
Let's go ahead and run.
Just make sure we didn't break anything.
OK.
Everything still works wonderful.